Create monitors using the App Catalog info added (#4103)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/reuse/apps/create-monitors.md

From your App Catalog:

1. From the Sumo Logic navigation, select **App Catalog**.
1. In the **Search Apps** field, search for and then select your app.
1. Make sure the app is installed.
1. Navigate to **What's Included** tab and scroll down to the **Monitors** section.

> 1. Click **Create** against the pre-configured monitors. In the create monitors window, adjust the trigger conditions and notifications settings based on your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create** next to the pre-configured monitors. In the create monitors window, adjust the trigger conditions and notifications settings based on your requirements.
```

1. Scroll down to **Monitor Details**.
1. Under **Location** click on **New Folder**.
        :::note
        By default, monitor will be saved in the root folder. So to make the maintence easier, create a new folder in the location of your choice.
1. Enter **Folder Name**. Folder Description is optional.
        :::tip
        Using app version in the folder name will be helpful to determine the versioning for future updates.

> 1. Click **Create**, once the folder is created click on **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create**. Once the folder is created, click on **Save**.
```
